they say knowledge is power so you need
to know this one simple choice you make
has the power to reduce pollution save
resources combat world hunger improve
your health and create a kinder world
want to know how then keep watching what
contributes more to climate change than
all of the world's planes trains and
automobiles combined farm animals
according to the UN raising animals for
food is one of the largest contributors
to greenhouse gas emissions and that's
only the beginning
as demand for animal products has grown
animal agriculture has gobbled up more
and more water energy crops and land
over recent decades vast expanses of
native habitat around the world have
been cleared to grow crops to feed
animals most of them in factory farms
animals are fed about six kilograms of
plant protein to produce just one
kilogram of animal protein the numbers
just don't add up factory farms use more
food than they produce which leaves less
food for everyone else
time when globally nearly 1 billion
people are suffering from malnutrition
1/3 of the world's edible cereal harvest
is being fed to farm animals that Syria
would be enough to feed about 3 billion
people everyone from leading water and
climate scientists to Oxfam and World
Vision and even the United Nations agree
that by eating less meat we can reduce
pollution save resources and combat
world hunger but it's not just others
who see the benefits leading health
experts agree that we need to reduce the
amount of animal products we need to
reduce our risk of obesity heart disease
stroke and some types of cancer and
ultimately the choices we make at the
dinner table affect someone else as well
rude a critical point in human history
our choices no longer have just a local
impact their effects are felt globally
on animals people and the environment by
choosing to eat fewer animal products or
going meat free you can protect the
planet your health and save living
beings both human and animal from
suffering the power to change the world
for the better
is in our own hands together we can make
it possible